README.md, before:

## Hey 👋

I am Robert. I am an almost self-taught software engineer. From 2020 to end of 2024 I have been conducting research as part of a PhD at the [cyber-analytics lab](https://cyber-analytics.nl) at the TU Delft. Here I have been conducting research on state machine learning algorithms, mostly to learn from data streams and to infer surrogate models from neural networks. More on my research can be found [on my homepage](https://robba.github.io). During this time I have also been working extensively on the [Flexfringe tool](https://github.com/tudelft-cda-lab/FlexFringe), where I have mostly implemented the active learning library.

Apart from that I code mostly in C++, C# and Python, with most applications so far in either the application domain or the ML domain. But I am always curious and like to expand my knowledge. Lately I am reading up on embedded systems, and I am practicing on an ARM Cortex-M4 microcontroller from ST Microelectronics. A description of the controller can be found [here](https://www.st.com/en/evaluation-tools/stm32f4discovery.html). I will post more projects that I have been working on here at a later point in time.

<!--
**RobBa/RobBa** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README.md with education

README.md, after:

## Hey 👋

I am Robert. I am an almost self-taught software engineer with a background in electrical engineering. I graduated from the [University of Stuttgart](https://www.uni-stuttgart.de) from my undergraduates and the [Technical University of Munich](https://www.tum.de/en/) from my graduate studies. From 2020 to end of 2024 I have been conducting research as part of a PhD at the [cyber-analytics lab](https://cyber-analytics.nl) at the TU Delft. Here I have been conducting research on state machine learning algorithms, mostly to learn from data streams and to infer surrogate models from neural networks. More on my research can be found [on my homepage](https://robba.github.io). During this time I have also been working extensively on the [Flexfringe tool](https://github.com/tudelft-cda-lab/FlexFringe), where I have mostly implemented the active learning library.

Apart from that I code mostly in C++, C# and Python, with most applications so far in either the application domain or the ML domain. But I am always curious and like to expand my knowledge. Lately I am reading up on embedded systems, and I am practicing on an ARM Cortex-M4 microcontroller from ST Microelectronics. A description of the controller can be found [here](https://www.st.com/en/evaluation-tools/stm32f4discovery.html). I will post more projects that I have been working on here at a later point in time.

<!--
**RobBa/RobBa** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
